New CI/CD docs (#2784)
zenml-io/zenml: docs/book/getting-started/deploying-zenml/README.md

In Scenario 2, the `zenml up` command implicitly connects the client to the server.
{% endhint %}

{% hint style="warning" %}

> Currently the zenml server supports a legacy and a brand new version of the dashboard. To use legacy simply use the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently the ZenML server supports a legacy and a brand new version of the dashboard. To use the legacy version simply use the
```

Currently, there are two main options to access a deployed ZenML server:

1. **SaaS:** With the [Cloud](../zenml-pro/zenml-cloud.md) offering you can utilize a control plane to create ZenML servers, also known as tenants. These tenants are managed and maintained by ZenML's dedicated team, alleviating the burden of server management from your end. Importantly, your data remains securely within your stack, and ZenML's role is primarily to handle tracking of metadata and server maintenance.
2. **Self-hosted Deployment:** Alternatively, you have the ability to deploy ZenML on your own self-hosted environment. This can be achieved through various methods, including using [our CLI](deploy-with-zenml-cli.md), [Docker](../../component-guide/model-registries/model-registries.md), [Helm](deploy-with-helm.md), or [HuggingFace Spaces](deploy-using-huggingface-spaces.md). We also offer our Pro version for self-hosted deployments, so you can use our full paid feature-set while staying fully in control with an airgapped solution on your infrastructure.

{% hint style="warning" %}

> Currently the zenml server supports a new version of the dashboard. To use the legacy version which supports stack registration from teh dashboard simply set the following environment variable in the deployment environment `export ZEN_SERVER_USE_LEGACY_DASHBOARD=True`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently the ZenML server supports a legacy and a brand new version of the dashboard. To use the legacy version which supports stack registration from the dashboard simply set the following environment variable in the deployment environment: `export ZEN_SERVER_USE_LEGACY_DASHBOARD=True`.
```
